sup y'all this is chad from the
mahalovideogames team and this is an
educational video on how to pass levels
in the video game gun for more videos in
this series visit Mahalo calm / gun WT
and if you have any requests feel free
to tweet us at video games don't forget
to rate comment and subscribe enjoy
right there
nice note little overzealous on the
powder weren't you let's go your horse
let's get the hell out of town
gentlemen I regret to say this is where
I fall the kalmar climbs of dear old
dodge your calling so long so I wish you
well
come on kid move your ass they'll be out
looking for us soon I'm taking you to
meet clay Alice clay and Magruder go way
back Magruder's been strong arm in the
whole territory looking for something
but no one knows what he's at
don't shoot boys it's pork heart it's
good to feel how bad they treat you they
busted me up pretty good but I didn't
squawk none this here's the fella who
sprung me hard are you blind this is one
of hoodoos boys searching for saw them
shaking hands in front of the hotel no
claim he's all right he killed web and
Rudy ball what the hell is this you know
this man that's my father Ned wait
bullshit I said what Ned in the war he
was killed in action ten years ago
you're mistaken friend Ned and I have
been working the Rockies since I was a
cub Ned was murdered just a few weeks
ago clay he's after Thomas Magruder just
like us I tracked the man behind Ned's
death to Empire turns out he was working
for Thomas McGruder I want to get
Magruder dia and every bastard on his
payroll welcome to the resistance you
can bet they've turned empire under
fortress since your escape but there may
be a way in yet